Our Buddha Naturally, Buddha Naturally, that is what we are practicing, that is what we are trying
to glorify and revere and pour, because the bodhi citta is the key tool to revere this basic, our
goodness, and that is all.
And for example, this ritual ceremony, all the Vayayana practices, all the teaching of the Buddha,
the Rasaad of Mantra, all the sartanana teaching, mantra teaching, all the antara teaching,
whatever we name, all is designed to bring goodness of our soul, this Buddha nature, nature, and
help to the other beings to revere that nature. That is all about everything.
So therefore, this beautiful motivation is always important to this sartanana, that is the one
where we are standing, that is our platform, that is our soil, ground, where we are standing, and
we are our soundtrack.
So therefore, this motivation of the bodhi citta, and thinking of what we are going to do today,
all the practices, may that benefit all liberal beings, bring them joy, peace, happiness.
That means bring forth the life of their nature, nature, product of their hiding places, of the
many different departments or the habit patterns, bring forth that.
When they are eating, everyone really brings forth that beautiful nature.
Then, this trouble is difficult, all are dissipated, all dissolved, a period. Therefore, this is
what is necessary and important.
And that is what the essence of the Buddha teaching.
And then together with that, in the vedayana teaching, always in said, bring purity, understanding
of the nature, purity.
Again, it is not just vedayana or vedayana, like trying to do something extra, but this purity is
the nature of ours.
Again, Buddha teaching all connected, there is nothing really contradictory, all lead to the same
direction, it is Buddha nature, to rework that nature.
So, purity, understanding of the nature, means to bring forth that quality, warmly into the state
of our body, speech, mind, is action.
The purity, and that is the purity, understanding.
And that means purity, realization.
Purity is already here, is what we didn't see because of our habit patterns, all our duality, all
our ego-cleaning, we didn't find out that.
And therefore, again, vedayana teaching is known as the powerful teaching.
Scripum means teaching, not, you can't really like, waiting, put together, resolve.
Instantly, you are in the ordinal resolve, the prutuation status, and that is known as vedayana
teaching.
So, instantly, you are in the state of the purity, which means, then, in the three vedayana stages,
sambho or that terminology, many of which we all know, used to know, three vedayana teaching.
So, immediately, in the satharana teaching, it needs to be waited for a long time, gradually
developing that, or discovering that realization.
But vedayana, powerfully, skillfully, and instantly, be in that status, and to be in that status,
then always in vedayana teaching,
there is a courage, confidence, fearlessness, embracing all the mysteries and the secrets of the v
edayana, that you can embrace easily,
and that is the capability of the vedayana practitioners.
For that reason, sometimes, many people may be not exaggerating to all these kind of secrets, not
immediately like to jump that stage and be that stage,
because the habiji pattern, because the ego community.
Ego is very skeptical, as we all know, like to be hiding on the ego places all the time, and
standing on the ego place all the time,
and then trying to make all many judgmental, suspicious, this and that, and trying to suit the ego
itself.
That is the one thing to do, vedayana teaching is very awful, forcefully, immediately, be in that,
the purity status,
or to be embarrassing that, then be courageous, be strong, fearlessness, and vedayana to embrace
this,
and if we don't have that, for that reason, many times, vedayana teaching, named as mantrayanas.
Mantrayana, what is called sanma, secret mantrayana.
Why is it secret? It's not something that it has mistakes, and it has arrows to hide, light to hide
,
but because it's not really really proper, who can embrace that, because each and every one's
baggage of the ego-claimings,
and as well as habit pattern, and this habit pattern ego-claiming, not just this life, but this
being comes,
so many lifetimes, we carried on that, and this time, then also, we added many habit pattern within
these lives,
born with habit pattern, and then we added many, we need different tradition, different dramas,
different theoretically, and we added many habit pattern, it's already we have, and then we added
it,
and therefore, this many times, vedayana, secret teaching, being known as secret,
and Buddha did not give example, when 2560 years ago, he didn't give only this vedayana teaching,
and because at that time, they're not ready with many traditional dramas and systems,
so vedayana, the vedayana teaching, in the higher realm, in the surgery realm, that's what we've
heard so many times,
you've heard that, when you read the history of Buddhism or vedayana Buddhism, it's not that Buddha
needed to expose,
what Buddha did for teaching, I think basically you know, or poor noble truth teaching, poor noble
truth teaching,
that is very basic teaching, it's also very general teaching, it suits with the ego,
it suits with the way we behave, where we are immediately,
it tells the suffering, and cause of suffering, and how to remove the suffering, and go beyond,
and how to prepare, then go beyond, the suffer, those are the poor noble truth,
suffering truth, causes suffering truth, and then sasaya true, and part true,
that is Buddha's first stage teachings, teaching, open a door of the truth, the mystery, the spirit
, true nature,
that's what Buddha gave, Buddha didn't give immediately the inner dandara, nor outer dandara,
Buddha didn't give all the like, salam teachings, otsa, channel teachings, long wind teachings,
and those essence brute teachings immediately, even though the intention of the Buddha to lead to
that direction,
to that status, but Buddha immediately did not give, it's not that Buddha don't know,
Buddha not ready to give, it's not that Buddha not ready, but the individualists,
they are not ready to receive satinos, grade, and mystery, several teachings, therefore,
then, this put to them reason where they are not taking, again, we immediately,
with fellas mostly, then bring the beauty states, all training in the teaching said, bring to
motivation,
motivation, the vastness, motivation of the both each other, and again, what means vastness,
vastness means both each other is not restricted to the limited beings, in the areas, locations,
places,
beings, the satin beings, as many as space goes, there is no boundary limitation of the space,
similarly, the satin beings are that many, for that much, for that extent,
for that reason, our both each other goes to all living beings, therefore, it's called
unconditional love,
unconditional compassion, again, tripping in that both each other, have to be courageous,
and for that reason, as you raise text, again, whether it's saying in our heart or not,
but both each other practitioner known as bodhisattvas, bodhisattvas, courageous for them,
enlightenment.